---
comments: true
date: 2005-09-23 23:11:07
layout: post
slug: '79'
title: Recycle Bin Insights
wordpress_id: 79
categories:
- General
---

I've been using net cafe's and public terminals to access the net for the last month or so - I've left my laptop somewhere secure while I'm travelling. It's great. It gives me a surprising amount of flexibility. Cafe's are everywhere, and nobody is really that good at locking them down - especially the Linux ones. ;)

Being curious by nature, I tend to poke my head around here and there (keep your minds out of the gutter) and I find a lot of draft emails that people write to friends and family. 99.99% of the time I never read them, but for some reason this time I did because a few words jumped out at me from the screen. I'm going to post a draft message I found in its entirity, because I think it's good to read and I don't want to remove anything that might take away from putting the entire message into context. It's interesting, and somewhat insightful.



> Guys, I'll never forget the star filled skies, the sleepless nights, gourging ourselves like the thrush nightengale, preparing for migration across the sub-saharan deserts of central Africa. Andre is an old man trapped inside a 12 year old. Rodrigo has felt his entire life he's been an obese man, trapped inside a skinny mans' body. While Bruno is, well, just Bruno MAX-Adjusting to the rigours of a robotic life in a non-static world. Make hay while the sun shines. Live life to the fullest-suck the pulp out and ask for more! You'll turn around and find you're an old man like me, living life trapped inside a cubical of imperfections, asking for transcendence in the things last on everyone's mind. That is an annus mirabilis attainment, considering this fiscal year's market conditions! In all things, SEEK THE TRUTH! Remember, there is no fear in love. But perfect love drives out fear, because fear has to do with punishment. The one who fears is not made perfect in love. Wake up everyday KNOWING you are loved unconditionally.'Agape' love. This is the reason for living and the greatest truth to man kind...Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres. Love never fails. Love motivates required obedience. The expression "labor of love" is simply labor that love produces. Love works no ill toward one's neighbor and produces confidence. And above all these things put on charity (love, agape, dm), which is the bond of perfectness. This world is fading away and chaos is approacing us more and more each day. Agape love is unparalleled, it demands the truth and hates that which is false.



-T
