---
comments: true
date: 2005-11-03 19:10:51
layout: post
slug: '88'
title: Vision Indecision
wordpress_id: 88
categories:
- General
---

I have not made a decision.
Therein lies the heart of a problem both complex and simple. Freedom, while so easily attained is just as easily lost. During brief glimpses of freedom you feel profoundly alone and profoundly connected to everything else. Yet the force of habit is such that suddenly it is lost again, and we are reminded of our unambiguous normality. 
The challenge then is to break free of the habits that make existence a trapping experience. 
We are trapped. By what means can we escape? 
It's as easy as making a decision. Oddly enough, which decision you make isn't the most important thing. The important thing is making the decision itself! 

I am exploring avenues, but I have not made a decision and the toxins are spreading. Left unchecked, the toxin of fear that poisons your ability to make decisions spreads, and soon - instead of having a localized paralysis - you wake up and realize you can't move. 
My lifelong indulgence in procrastination must cease. Fear of making a decision, for an even greater fear of making the wrong one.  

A question arises: Are there wrong decisions? If so, what are the qualifying factors for such a decision? What makes it wrong? What makes a correct decision correct? Final outcomes? Easy passage on the path you lay out for yourself? 

But as I said earlier, the decision itself is simply the beginning. While the decision making process is empowering, it is only one step on a long road. The first swing of that machete I [mentioned](http://www.isystech.net/2005/10/25/planning-is-impossible-preparation-is-required-and-change-is-inevitable/#comments) earlier. Imagine if you never started making the path, but just stood on the fringes of the jungle wondering where to start, weighing all the options. Obviously having a good idea where to start is beneficial. But eventually the time spent planning will be detrimental to your progress. 

I'm going to meditate on this for awhile. 
Time, Awareness, Presence. 
A decision comes soon.

And I'll let you know what it is. :)

____________________________________________________________
Shout out to **M** and good luck on your journey!









