---
comments: true
date: 2006-04-29 12:14:27
layout: post
slug: we-made-it
title: We made it!
wordpress_id: 106
categories:
- General
---

Buenos Dias from Easter Island!

After 32 days at sea we dropped anchor at Rapa Nui around 6:30 in the morning. There were quite a few tense moments but for the most part we were extremely lucky considering the location. The Southern Ocean is unforgiving by reputation and we had a few days where the sun was shining and the winds were favourable.
Ive got tons of amazing photos to upload but that cant happen from here unfortunately. 

Easter Island (Rapa Nui) is a really cool Island. Its really remote so there arent that many tourists here, especially at this time of year but theres a surprising amount of bars, restaurants and hotels. Because its a polynesian island, but occupied by Chile everything is in Spanish. Ive already made an ass of myself on several occasions.

There are Moai *everywhere*. All of the coast is dotted with them. They vary in style shape and size, but for the most part theyre massive, and totally impressive. The island has virtually no trees from when the locals cut everything down (mostly to build the Moai). The are tiny patches on the island with greenery but Id say it amounts to about .02 % of the total land mass. The volcanoes have rain lakes in them, and Im planning to do some hiking tomorrow morning. Ill be here until tuesday afternoon, and then Ill be flying out to Santiago Chile, where Ill figure out what to do next. 

Thanks for thinking about me guys. Ive really missed everyone. Ill write more soon but Im running out of pesos! (lol)

-Trevor
