---
comments: true
date: 2006-07-29 19:14:20
layout: post
slug: ideas
title: Ideas!
wordpress_id: 124
categories:
- General
---

Lately things have been moving in the right direction. I have a few interviews lined up, a timeline for moving, as well as a couple projects project and business ideas. I've finally been able to write them down on paper and flesh them out.

One idea I came up with last night over a cold beer, was to write a feed aggregator that would parse sites like digg, reddit, and del.icio.us, etc. Most of those services end up having the same story eventually. So the idea is to make a website that tracked when the stories appeared, who had it first, then use tags to come up with an overall picture of the type of news-feed that each news-aggregate site is.

The problem is - as my friend Ed pointed out - it would be a website for smart people. Not that that's a problem, I'd simply never make any money off it. But you have to start *somewhere*. Besides it's interesting and the software you'd need to write to parse stories would be a little complex. You would have to customize modules for each site, so that it could record what the deep-link was, that is - the link to the story in question. Checking stories against previous instances of reporting would involve taking the deep-link as a fingerprint of sorts, and comparing that to the newest submission from some other site.

Ive always been sort of obsessed with data visualization, so it would be cool to try coming up with a nice graphic that would accurately describe when stories are popping up where.

One thing at a time though.

Questions and comments would be awesome.

p.s. Site layout has changed - yet again. I'm going to stick with this one.
